updates to AUTHORS.txt (#3577)
aiidateam/aiida-core: AUTHORS.txt

* Riccardo Sabatini (2013-2015)

## Contributors

We would like to thank

> * Dominik Gresch (ETHZ): for the caching mechanism and contributions to the workflow engine

Reviewer: Might as well change it to ``(Microsoft Quantum)`` if we're already updating this file.

Author: Hm... since you are the only two with affiliation in the file, I think it's better to remove it entirely (otherwise we have to keep updating it)

Reviewer: Works for me 👍

> * Tiziano Müller (ETHZ, Switzerland): for the first implementation of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Tiziano Müller (ETHZ): for the first implementation of the plugin system and making the original code python 3 compatible
```

Reviewer: Last I've known @dev-zero was at UZH, not ETHZ.
